What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When a repository is initialized, we let git know this is a repository
	it has to keep an eye on in the future, and then we can run git commands
	to commit, see the log and etc.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a temporary stage where you can reflect on what you did
	to see if it is really what you want before making the change a lil bit more
	permanent. If you happen to make a mistake, the staging area shows you what
	you are doing and you can fix it before you commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	I can use the staging area with git diff to see the changes I made and see if
	they are meaningful enough (a logical change) to be commited.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches can help you keep your history organized because you can work on 
	different versions of the same program more easily in a controlled way. They
	help because you can test out huge changes without compromising the work 
	you've done so far. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams help me visualize the branch structure because it makes it seem
	more concrete then it usually is just with the verbal definitions and stuff.
	It's also easier to trace back the history of a repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches together weaves all the commits from both branches so
	we end up with a cohesive merged branch. We represent it the way we do because
	It's not the same as just switching where the tip of the master branch is. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Pros of Git's automatic merging: git draws your attentions to changes made
	in the same area that my result in a bug in the future if not corrected.
	Cons: Not always changes will need to be made in the file(s), which means
	it might be a bit inconvenient.