How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By seeing exactly what lines of code were changed, it was easier to find the mistake
    I made because instead of having to look through the entire file, I just had to look 
    through what changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could see where certain features where added and have a more clear idea of the
    progress I made throughout the program's history. Also, if I find a bug, I can test
    the previous versions and find out up to which version there used to be no bug.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:
    More control over the significance of the commits made, which allows you to have only
    meaningful commits instead of random ones.
    Cons
    You are responsible for making the commits, so if you forget to make them and
    something happens, you may lose what you've worked on so far. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs was probably made with individual documents in mind, documents that
    don't depend simultaneously on others, while git was made with writing code in mind,
    and often when you're writing code you're gonna have different files and even different 
    formats that have to be working in unison for the program to work.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log can be used to see all the commits made and what the description of the change
    was. Git diff allows you to compare between two specific commits to see exactly which lines
    were changed and how. Git diff (id) (id) -- stat only shows how many changes were made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control might make me more confident in making changes that could break
    something because I know there will be previous versions saved and that I can revert 
    back to them whenever I want.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I wanna use git for writing code and also for creative writing!